hi my name is dave Andrews and today I'm
going to show you how to make Windows XP
look like Windows Vista we're going to
use to do this is a program called alien
GUI that you can download from alienware
if you just search the internet for
alien GUI and alienware you'll find this
program let's run the installation if
you receive a security warning just
press run now it's launching the theme
installation for our alienware program
select I agree next click Next again
basically just click Next through the
entire setup process it's now installing
our new alienware theme
once the installation is finished simply
click on finish now on your desktop you
see a picture of an alien and a program
called alien GUI let's run that program
we have here several different themes
that we can use let's select invader say
apply it's asking if we'd like to apply
the invader sweet and will say yes
as you can see our desktop has been
dramatically changed to look like
something closer to Windows Vista there
are many different themes that you can
use it's that easy to change your
desktop load my name is dave Andrews and
I've just showed you how to make windows
XP look like vista